Nikephoros and Polycarpus play rock-paper-scissors. The loser gets pinched (not too severely!).
Let us remind you the rules of this game. Rock-paper-scissors is played by two players. In each round the players choose one of three items independently from each other. They show the items with their hands: a rock, scissors or paper. The winner is determined by the following rules: the rock beats the scissors, the scissors beat the paper and the paper beats the rock. If the players choose the same item, the round finishes with a draw.
Nikephoros and Polycarpus have played n rounds. In each round the winner gave the loser a friendly pinch and the loser ended up with a fresh and new red spot on his body. If the round finished in a draw, the players did nothing and just played on.
Nikephoros turned out to have worked out the following strategy: before the game began, he chose some sequence of items A = (a1, a2, ..., am), and then he cyclically showed the items from this sequence, starting from the first one. Cyclically means that Nikephoros shows signs in the following order: a1, a2, ..., am, a1, a2, ..., am, a1, ... and so on. Polycarpus had a similar strategy, only he had his own sequence of items B = (b1, b2, ..., bk).
Determine the number of red spots on both players after they've played n rounds of the game. You can consider that when the game began, the boys had no red spots on them.

Input
The first line contains integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 2·10^9) — the number of the game's rounds.
The second line contains sequence A as a string of m characters and the third line contains sequence B as a string of k characters (1 ≤ m, k ≤ 1000). The given lines only contain characters "R", "S" and "P". Character "R" stands for the rock, character "S" represents the scissors and "P" represents the paper.

Output
Print two space-separated integers: the numbers of red spots Nikephoros and Polycarpus have.

Examples
Input
7
RPS
RSPP

Output
3 2
Input
5
RRRRRRRR
R

Output
0 0


Note
In the first sample the game went like this:
  R - R. Draw.  P - S. Nikephoros loses.  S - P. Polycarpus loses.  R - P. Nikephoros loses.  P - R. Polycarpus loses.  S - S. Draw.  R - P. Nikephoros loses. Thus, in total Nikephoros has 3 losses (and 3 red spots), and Polycarpus only has 2.


